sample: slm_shell: Support nRF7002 DK (#10512)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/slm_shell/README.rst

   * - GPIO GND
     - GPIO GND

.. note::

>    SW9 on nRF9160 DK (VDD IO) should be set to 3V to work with the nRF52 series DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GPIO output level on the nRF9160 side must be 3 V to work with the nRF52 series DK.
   You can set the VDD voltage with the **VDD IO** switch (**SW9**).
```
Taking the chance to align with the formatting of the note in the [LTE modem](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.html#connecting-with-an-external-mcu) description.

     - GPIO GND

.. note::

>    SW9 on nRF9160 DK (VDD IO) should be set to 3V to work with the nRF53 series DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GPIO output level on the nRF9160 side must be 3 V to work with the nRF53 series DK.
   You can set the VDD voltage with the **VDD IO** switch (**SW9**).
```

The following table shows how to connect PCA10143 UART_2 to nRF9160 UART_2 for communication through UART:

.. list-table::
   :align: center
   :header-rows: 1

   * - nRF7002 DK
     - nRF9160 DK
   * - UART TX P1.04
     - UART RX P0.11
   * - UART RX P1.05
     - UART TX P0.10
   * - GPIO OUT P0.31
     - GPIO IN P0.31
   * - GPIO IN P0.30 (optional)
     - GPIO OUT P0.30 (optional)
   * - GPIO GND
     - GPIO GND

.. note::

>    SW9 on nRF9160 DK (VDD IO) should be set to 1.8V to work with the nRF7 series DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GPIO output level on the nRF9160 side must be 3 V to work with the nRF7 series DK.
   You can set the VDD voltage with the **VDD IO** switch (**SW9**).
```

Author: 1.8V, the key point

Reviewer: Good catch, I was just copy-pasting to get the formatting and forgot to fix that.
